                           Effective teachers

1  We mostly fogret or despise some of our school teachers due to their 
ignorant behavior towards us and lack of undersading our emotions but there
are some teacher who's positive bahavior makes them unforgetable and 
loved by their students. It is a well known fact that most teachers get joy 
when their old students
remember them in a positive way and that's why they try to be more friendly
and other more with their students
2  The ineffectictive teachers are mostly the ones who don't have a big 
enough conection with the students and think that they are superior 
because of their position as a teacher. As a result of that making themselves 
less liked by their students instead of inspiring them to be like them which
is the exact opposite of what they were trying to accomplish by acting like
the ''rolemodels'' 
  Another important point to mention is how a lot of irresponsible teachers 
end up accidently or intentionally bring down their students by doubting on
their passions and other skills and just tell them to only focus on their
lessons. Personally, I think that a good teacher should make their lesson
fun and interesting but also support their students other goals equally
  Sadly there are few good teachers who actually love their jobs and try to 
help their students but those who do it are highly rewarded in my opinion 
since they are being respected and remember even when their students are
adults and have carreers






 There are different kinds of teachers, some more effective than others.

 An effective teacher is a person with knowlange who insires his students and accomplish to keep them interested in the subject that he teaches to them. 
 
 To begin with a teacher in order to be effective has to be less strict and more patient with every one of his students no matter their lerning abilities.
Apart from this , teacher should try to reward their students even for the smallest bit of improvement in order for their self comfidence to rise.
Another point worth mentioning is that educators become liked and have far more attention from the students when they stop trying to act all tough
and they become more friendly with their students   

  It is very important that teachers stay up to high standards by continueally learning recent information about their subject especially if it's constantly
changing and involving. Most importantly they should try to keep their students intrested with doing fun activities once in a while like playing educational games, 
making stimulating projects and presentations. Finally an effective teacher should be able to pass knowlange and be clear to all skill level students

  Another important factor for a teacher to effectivelly teach is to have quiet students who are consatrated during class and even if they are not the best try their hardest by
studying and listening to him and only then can they have a great 
   In coclution an effective teacher is someone who can pass a positive mark on his students as well as all the knowlege that they will need for their future and and professions




   People in our times are really obsessed with their careers and they always reetedly try to progress at them and as a result they sometimes forget to take a break which is detrimental to their health.

   In the modern materialistic world, people try to compete against each other by working their hardest in order to develop better career so that they can earn more money and to improve on their social status. Moreover, some of their 
needs are just a product of social media and advertisment.

   To begin with, working to get better at your career is great but too much time doing that comes with some risks.One of them is stress and stress contributes a lot of health problems such as high blood pressure, heart disease,
 obesity and diabetes.Some people cope with stress with even more dangerous ways like drinking and smoking. Secondly work doesn't only affect the brain but also the body. Take people who work office jobs for example, most of them end up developing bad body postures from sitting in ancomfortable positions for long period of time. 

   There are a few ways to deal with overworking and one of these is to stop lusting over useless things marketed to them. It is also necessery for them to have a break or two sometimes like spending time with their families or doing 
a hobby that relaxes them and entairtains them

   In my opinion  people who are focused on their careers to help themselves in the long run are smart but the long hours that some of them put into it can be a high risk of causing great harm to their bodies and minds and that is 
why they should make sure to take care of themselves and not to overwork.




                       Work with modern technology
   I've decided to write this report cause I'm really intricked with how easy modern technology made the lives of billions of workers worldwide in the span of a few dacades and how far will it even go in the future.

   In the past pre digital world, people would have to wake up early everyday to drive to their workplaces no matter how far or how bad the weather conditions it would be, some even have to go as far as to move out entirely just to a
close to their jobs.However, today as a result of the corrent techological advantage, workers lives became a lot easier and cheaper, this means that they don't have to waste fuel to go to work everyday 
and they can work from the comfort of their homes instead.Working from your computer isn't possible with every type of job though, since some of them require actions however in the near future even this could be possible. For the people whose jobs just requeres their minds and skills 
woeking from home can be really convinient.Secondly, people can have far more job choices since they can work for any company from around the world without having to even leave their homes.
  
  Even thought working digitally seems great it does have some disadvantages like that when you're working from home you are not in the right mood as if you would be if you were in a working emviroment. 
You can also lack social interaction when you're just spending all your time inside your home which can cause depression and loneliness

   I believe that modern technology did wonders for todays workers in making their lives more confortable but unfortunately staying inside your house all the time can also cause a lot of mental and physical problems so you should balance
it with some exercice 



   